#2 SDF icons support (#21)
unvt/sprite-one: README.md

  -v, --version            output the version number
  -i, --icon <icons...>    A folder path which stores SVG icons. Multiple folders can be set.
  -r, --ratio <ratios...>  pixel ratio to generate sprite. default is 1.

>   --sdf                    generate sprite with signed distance field. (default: false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --sdf                    generate sprite with SDF (Signed Distance Field). (default: false)
```

I think it would  also be nice to have abbreviation of SDF

Author: Also I resolve it.

Note that while this feature is supported for SVG icons, this is usually unneccesary because SVG, as a vector format, can be scaled without problems.

### SDF icons support

> You can generate SDF icons by using the `--sdf` option. The generated sprite will be used in MapLibre GL JS with the `icon-color` and `icon-halo-color` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDF icons can be generated by using the `--sdf` option. This allows users to apply [icon-color](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-style-spec/layers/#paint-symbol-icon-color) and [icon-halo-color](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-style-spec/layers/#paint-symbol-icon-halo-color) properties in Maplibre style to able to change the colour dynamically. 
```

changed some description here, and added maplibre style properties' links.

Author: Thank you, I resolve it.
